[WBD] Add `calibStandingWithJetsiRonCubMk1` rpc command (#113)
robotology/whole-body-estimators: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

> - Added a `yarp rpc` comand `alibStandingWithJetsiRonCubMk1` that performs `calibStanding` for `iRonCub-Mk1` model/robot when the jets are ON and on `idle` thrust. (See [!113](https://github.com/robotology/whole-body-estimators/pull/113)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `yarp rpc` command `calibStandingWithJetsiRonCubMk1` that performs `calibStanding` for `iRonCub-Mk1` model/robot when the jets are ON and on `idle` thrust. (See [!113](https://github.com/robotology/whole-body-estimators/pull/113)).
```

Author: Thanks, Fixed in https://github.com/robotology/whole-body-estimators/pull/113/commits/9d61f7d9e02c05e86ae517e98ad0a762b1f9f6dc
